vlan access 72: 14 ports
vlan access 250: 7 ports
description PA RM H104: 1 ports
description AP H104: 1 ports
description PA RM H101: 1 ports
description AP H101: 1 ports
description AP 1545: 1 ports
description PA RM 1545: 1 ports
description AP F108: 1 ports
description AP 1550: 1 ports
description PA RM F108: 1 ports
description AP 1051N: 1 ports
description AP 1051S: 1 ports
description PA RM 1557: 1 ports
description PA RM WOOD SHOP: 1 ports
description AP H102: 1 ports
description PA RM 1550: 1 ports
description PA Rm 1556: 1 ports
description PA RM 1556: 1 ports
description AP 1053: 1 ports
description AP 1055: 1 ports
description PA RM 1558: 1 ports
description AP 1558: 1 ports
description IP CAM .24: 1 ports
description IP CAM .25: 1 ports
description IP CAM .26: 1 ports
description IP CAM .27: 1 ports
description IP CAM .28: 1 ports
description IP CAM .29: 1 ports
description PA RM Auto Shop: 1 ports
description Baseball P2P (.51 -.52 to .55): 1 ports
description IP CAM .44: 1 ports
